FreeVMS tasklist

1. High priority:

  Basic/foundation stuff:

    CPU, barely started, need more people:	
	We will need someone with keen eye for and high knowledge of CPU 
	semantics to finish IPLs etc, because we need to get synchronization
	correct on the instruction level, or we will never get it stable.

	Important concepts are atomicity/noninterruption, interlocking, stacks.
	(See VARM, eventually AARM.) 

	Also needed is implementing and finishing the following instructions:

		INSQUE, REMQUE
		ADAWI, BBCCI, BBSSI, INSQHI, INSQTI, REMQHI, REMQTI
		PROBE
		CHMx
		REI
		SWASTEN
		SWPCTX, LDPCTX

  Data Structure Definitions, some done, need more people.

  Kernel:	

    Control Mechanisms:
	ASTs, work on this have started, need more people.

    Synchronization:
	Lock management (DLM), barely started, need more people.

    Memory management, no work done yet, vacant.

    Process and time management, some work done, need more people. 

    I/O Subsystem, barely started, need lots of more people.

    Logicals, barely started, need more people.

  ODS-2, work is under way

  DCL, will at first be implemented kernel-independent, need more people.

  Basic libraries:
    LBR, nothing done, vacant.

  Other libraries:
    LIBRTL, parts done, need more people still.

  "SRM", started

2. (a bit later) high priority:
  RMS, nothing done, vacant
  "SRM" handling ODS-2
  Utilities COPY DIRECTORY etc, nothing done, vacant
  VMS image support, linker+compiler support for images, nothing done, vacant.
  Kernel:
    Control Mechanisms:
	Condition handling, no work done yet, vacant.
	System service dispatching, to be done the VMS way, nothing done, vacant.
    Synchronization:
	Spinlocks, the Linux ones are probably usable.
	Mutexes, nothing done, vacant
    SMP support, no support yet, vacant 

3. (later) high priority:
  Clustering, SCA, MSCP etc, barely started, need more people.

Medium priority:

Medium/low priority:
  Non-i386 support.
  64-bit support.

Low priority:
  CRTL, we will continue to try to use libc etc? 
  Editors, nothing done, vacant
  Volume shadowing, nothing done, vacant
