This directory contains files implementing some of the
VMS functions. This is a preliminary release so
that anyone can test what is there, but a lot is missing
yet. I've never used many of the functions available, so
some of the handling for them is probibly very wrong.

Question: How can yo do a variable arguement list like
in VMS using standard C? The only method available
(stdarg.h) assumes that the functon can determine how
many parameters (and what kind) will be available.
For now, the assumption will be that you will pass ALL
parameters.

All funcitons that haven't been implemented yet are
coded as "assert(0)" in str.c, so using them will cause
a crash.

The header file "strdef.h" is similiar to "str$routines.h"
on VMS, but I've added definitions of "STR$_error" items
so I could use them instead of comparing against the
external variable versions. I'm using a different name
because I'm developing using Linux, and Unix gives me
lots of problems with a '$' in file names. Also it doesn't
assume a variable number of arguements in any function as
I can't find a way to make that work yet.

Several header files were taken from various
GNU-C distribution for VMS I uploaded some time
back, and I'm not sure of it's legal status.

The functions are based upon VMS 5.0 manuals, so other
functions may have been added since then. Please let me
know of any (I'm stuck at 5.5 for a while).

Someone who knows how to do wildcard should set up a
str$match_wild, or convert one of the regex routines
to handle VMS style wildcards.

Also, I've never used any of the string math, so someone
who has should work on these.

I've defered signals for now because they are going
to be dependent on other (as yet) unimplemented libraries.
I've placed a DOSIGNAL(x) where a signal should be sent, but
defined DOSIGNAL as an 'assert()' for now (really not the
right thing, but OK for testing).

Contributors Include:

	Christof Zeile for much debugging/portability help.

	Paul Nankervis for several date/dime functions,
	sys$addx and sys$subx.

Maintainer:
	Kevin Handy <kth@srv.net>
	http://snake.srv.net/~kth
	Software Solutions, Inc.
	Idaho Falls, Idaho

